take some baggy trousers always been
well right now they are reliving our
youths and sitting in a skate park near
Oriya festive rad I used to skateboard
excuse to microscope you to know i yeah
we did safe way safer car park you talk
this is to rip it up a little bit yeah
damage damage done to me through it but
then the embarrassing is I wasn't even
trying to do anything that good when
things like that happen
yeah they like those Holly dance and
they yeah hit me in the nose and then I
thought it's a nosebleed but it actually
split I had some very cool stitches
disturbed worse it's very dangerous you
get very little reward from it but then
some girls did come along to the car
part
I wanted to be a skater I realized very
early on that's the problem I think yeah
but then it's nice little way to get
into other things I think through
through skateboarding and a lot of the a
lot of old skateboard videos used to
have pretty incredible soundtracks like
being a part of little Cleveland when I
was younger I was very into ed Templeton
and Jamie Thomas
Rowley as our new yours Chad Muska
universalization
the beginning was a bit blown away
there's quite a lot of skaters who are
actually quite bad musician I think I
remember like when a finding out like
Chad Muska he makes beep when I was
younger I thought the skateboarders I
like feel kind of real like heavy
drinkers it turns out it all vegans
that's right